You are so relaxed
Take out Kunlun Shenyu from the spirit stone
Who are you?
Since your Su family has ruined their marriage
And who am I?
Whatever you want to do has nothing to do with your Su family
The Kunlun Prison fell hundreds of years ago next week
Let's stand at the peak of this world in a hundred years next week
I didn't expect it to be dedicated next week
Kunlun Divine Jade contains the energy to master the world
Today the world is there for all to see
You can't have it next week
That's right, hand over the Kunlun Shenyu
What is the wildness of you wolves?
Kunlun God Jade is the official artifact
If it falls into your hands
It must be chaos
My country will be prosperous next week
aspire to the distance
It doesn't matter if you have the charm of Kunlun
A mere piece of Kunlun jade
I don't believe in the strength of our country
I still can't handle a stone
As long as I move my finger
Just bury your entire Su family
Or just bury you all next week
I see who dares to be so arrogant
The god of wealth sees the prince of the town
Greet the God of Wealth
He is the god of wealth
Then why don't you try to buy my Temple of Wealth?